Create your first ad is fantastic news.
Now what we do at this point typically is what we call a split test sometimes called an A B test.
All it is is creating a copy of your ad and changing one thing.
Now why would we do that.
Well we just created an ad and it's kind of like our best guess if you like.
As to the best ad we could possibly come up with but we don't really know until we got there and tested
on the on the market.
We don't know whether it's going to respond that well or not.
So what we'll do is we will basically create variations of that ad and in this case I'm just going to
create one which is typically what I do.
But often you'll see people create many many variations of the ad and then basically test them all and
see which one performs the best.
Yeah.
And then drop the others.
So you know it's basically a way of finding out by testing which one of your ads is going to perform
the best.
Now it's entirely up to you whether you do this is not compulsory by any means is definitely worth if
you can doing one.
So at least one variation.
But sometimes you know for budgetary reasons for example because it will be another three dollars a
day to be doing this.
You may not want to do it.
So I totally understand if you don't want to but if you can I would certainly suggest you do in fact
I would strongly encourage you do it is very very important.
So let's dive over to our Facebook ads now and see how we can actually put a split test together.
So here we are and this is the screen I left you looking at at the end of The Last Lecture.
And just to repeat I'm going to explain all these stats coming up.
But right now I just want you to recognize we've got a campaign that we set up called the heart shaped
dog pendant campaign one.
So if you click on that you see as I'm sure you're an set one and what we're going to do is we're going
to create a copy of the ad set.
OK that's how we're going to do a spit test not to do that.
It's very straightforward.
Just basically select it and then here just hit duplicate and if you take existing campaign and just
basically hit duplicate again then it will pull up an exact copy of your ad site as you can called it
and set one copy.
Now the only thing we're going to change because we're going to keep thing at the outset level exactly
the same is simply the names are going to set to.
OK.
And click on publish and then once that's all been accepted just simply click on close.
So now what you see is we have set one as we have before and now add set to as we just created.
Now a clicking at set to I will get to the ad itself.
So here it is.
And this is where we're going to make one change.
So what I want to do is click on edit this point as I just said we are going to make one change now.
One the only one.
Well if you step back and think about it we are wanting to test two different types of ads.
We want to see whether making a change will make a difference to the number of people that are clicking
and then ultimately buying from us.
So I said changed two things.
I changed the text and I also changed the image.
And as a result I got 100 percent more sales than before.
Now that will be great but I wouldn't know whether to attribute that to the change of the text or the
change of the image.
So by changing any one thing if I just simply change the image for example and my cells got by 100 percent
that I know for sure that was all about the image.
So I hope that makes it perfectly clear why we only ever change one thing.
So here to change the image very very easy to just scroll down until we find the image we can click
on clear images.
And then we can select a different image.
So take this one with the black background this time
again maybe just do a little bit of editing make sure looks all rights go pretty happy with that.
Let's just say and done.
So that's it.
We've changed one image and I've done this fairly quickly.
To be honest that's not the best image that I want.
I'd probably zoom in a little bit more and make that a bit clearer but I'm trying to make the point
of the one change.
That's what this lecture is all about.
So here all I now need to do is click on publish once that's all done just click on close.
Now just go back to the campaign where we started.
And if you click on that link to the campaign and if I go into the ad set one you can see this is the
one running with the white background.
And if I go into it too you can see that's the one running with the black background.
Now as I said right at the beginning it's not absolutely essential.
I appreciate that we are now spending another $3 a day.
But if you can really go for is a very very important part of advertising split testing AB testing what
do you want to call it.
And this is a very very basic example but it is enormously powerful and in the long run it can pay huge
dividends.
So congratulations not only have we set up our first ad but we now have a split test running.
So in the next lecture Let's talk about what all these numbers mean because while these ads are currently
in review as you can see here they'll soon be running and we're going to start seeing numbers popping
up here.
So be good to know what they all mean.